# &lang #

All of the language strings in WebLoginPE are stored in a file in /webloginpe/lang/ (default is **en.php**). You can help translate **en.php** if you are multi-lingual.

As an example, if you used the French translation, you would call it like this...

```
[!WebLoginPE? &lang=`fr`!]
```

# &type #

WebLoginPE currently has six basic functions that determines what it can do when you call it in a page in MODx. They are...

  * **simple** is the default mode for WebLoginPE.
  * **register** adds new Web Users to MODx.
  * **profile** allows a user to manage their account.
  * **users** displays a list of all registered users (customizable and template-able). The user can then view user's accounts individually, as well as message the user.
  * **manager** works like _users_, but allows for editing anyone's account (_profile_, but on a global scale). This should only be given to admins.
  * **taconite** provides the functionality of WebLoginPE but squelches the output so you can handle those functions asynchronously using AJAX.

```
[!WebLoginPE? &type=`users`!] 
```

# &regType #

There are two different types of registration...

  * **instant** allows the user to create their account and login with the username/password they chose.
  * **verify** makes the user to check the e-mail address they submitted for a password automatically generated by WebLoginPE. This makes sure the user "verifies" that they are a real user.

```
[!WebLoginPE? &type=`register` &regType=`verify`!] 
```

# &regRequired #

This parameter allows you to specify what inputs are required for registration. The attributes you choose **must** be filled out, else an error message will appear and notify the user of the field(s) that is/are not properly filled out.

If you use verify/confirm form field, such as their password, add...
```
.confirm
```
to the end of the field you want to verify/confirm.

```
<input type="password" name="password" />
<input type="password" name="password.confirm" />
```

```
[!WebLoginPE? &type=`register` &regRequired=`email,username,fullname,password,formcode,tos`!]
```

# &customTable, &customFields #

By default, a table is created in your MODx database to store the user's data under the name _web\_user\_attributes\_extended_, but you can override this functionality with the **customTable** parameter.

**customFields** is used for all the non-default attributes, such as their instant messaging accounts. This parameter can accept an unlimited amount of attributes.

```
[!WebLoginPE? &customTable=`my_web_users` &customFields=`website,aim,msn,city,address1`!] 
```

# &prefixTable #

By default, WebLoginPE will auto-append the MODx table prefix specified when you installed the script when looking for data in the database. If you already created your own table which does not use the default MODx table prefix, and you specified it in _&customTable_, you can set this parameter to 0 (default is 1).

```
[!WebLoginPE? &customTable=`a_table_i_created` &prefixTable=`0`!] 
```